README.md, before:

# RollbarSharp

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/m8wevja31t9fh2i3?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/AlbertoMonteiro/rollbarsharp)
[![NuGet version](http://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Rollbarsharp.svg)](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RollbarSharp/)
[![Nuget downloads](http://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Rollbarsharp.svg)](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RollbarSharp/) 
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/mroach/RollbarSharp/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/mroach/RollbarSharp?branch=master)


.NET bindings for [Rollbar](http://www.rollbar.com).

I'm not affiliated with Rollbar, I just like their service.

Minimum version is .NET 4.5. There's also a dependency on `System.Web.Routing`, so you'll at least need ASP.NET MVC installed on the system.

## Installation

RollbarSharp is available on [Nuget](https://nuget.org/packages/RollbarSharp/) and can be installed by:

```
PM> Install-Package RollbarSharp
```

## Usage

### Configuration

The easiest way to get going is to add the `Rollbar.AccessToken` item to your app settings.

```xml
<configuration>
  <appSettings>
    <add key="Rollbar.AccessToken" value="YOUR_TOKEN_HERE"/>
    <add key="Rollbar.Environment" value="production"/>
  </appSettings>
</configuration>
```

From there, you have several options on how to integrate with your app.

### As an ASP.NET Filter

```csharp
public class RollbarExceptionFilter : IExceptionFilter
{
    public void OnException(ExceptionContext filterContext)
    {
        if (filterContext.ExceptionHandled)
            return;

        (new RollbarClient()).SendException(filterContext.Exception);
    }
}
```

And then in `Global.asax.cs` you can do

```csharp
GlobalFilters.Filters.Add(new RollbarExceptionFilter());
```

Or if you're using an inversion of control system that supports binding filters, you could do it there. This is an example with [Ninject](http://www.ninject.org/). You could even dependency-inject the `RollbarClient` if you want to create it in your own factory method.

```csharp
kernel.BindFilter<RollbarExceptionFilter>(FilterScope.Global, 10).InSingletonScope();
```

The `OnException` method could instead be used verbatim inside a `Controller` if you add the `override` keyword. `protected override void OnException(ExceptionContext filterContext) ...`


### As an ASP.NET application event handler (Global.asax.cs)

```csharp
protected void Application_Error(object sender, EventArgs e)
{
    var exception = Server.GetLastError().GetBaseException();

    (new RollbarClient()).SendException(exception);
}
```


### As an HttpModule in the Web.config

#### IIS Integrated Pipeline

```xml
<system.webServer>
    <modules>
        <add name="RollbarHttpModule" type="RollbarSharp.RollbarHttpModule"/>
    </modules>
</system.webServer>
```

#### IIS Classic Pipeline

```xml
<system.web>
    <httpModules>
        <add name="RollbarHttpModule" type="RollbarSharp.RollbarHttpModule"/>
    </httpModules>
</system.web>
```

### As an NLog target

You'll need to add the [NLog.RollbarSharp](https://github.com/mroach/NLog.RollbarSharp) assembly to your project for this to work but it's available on [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NLog.RollbarSharp/). Check out [the NLog.RollbarSharp README](https://github.com/mroach/NLog.RollbarSharp/blob/master/README.md) for configuration details, but here's the skinny:

```xml
<nlog>
    <extensions>
        <add assembly="NLog.RollbarSharp" />
    </extensions>
    <targets>
        <target xsi:type="RollbarSharp" name="rollbar" />
    </targets>
    <rules>
        <logger name="*" minlevel="Warn" writeTo="rollbar" />
    </rules>
</nlog>
<appSettings>
    <add key="Rollbar.AccessToken" value="6703358e9f54081e59bb0d65ee066363"/>
    <add key="Rollbar.Environment" value="development"/>
</appSettings>
```

## Bugs

* If you encounter a bug, performance issue, or malfunction, please add an [Issue](https://github.com/mroach/rollbarsharp/issues) with steps on how to reproduce the problem.


## Building

I'm using [ScriptCs](http://scriptcs.net/) for managing the build process.

To build go to **build** folder and then run this command:

```
scriptcs -script build.csx
```

After that, upload new **RollbarSharp.{version}.nupkg** to nuget.

## TODO

* Add more tests

Commit message:

Added note about this project being dead.

README.md, after:

# NOTE: No longer in active development

The Rollbar team has done an excellent job creating an official .NET client over at https://github.com/rollbar/Rollbar.NET. It's recommened to use this for new projects and to migrate existing projects to the client. This project is no longer maintained. Thanks to everyone who contributed over the life of this project.

# RollbarSharp

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/m8wevja31t9fh2i3?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/AlbertoMonteiro/rollbarsharp)
[![NuGet version](http://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Rollbarsharp.svg)](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RollbarSharp/)
[![Nuget downloads](http://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Rollbarsharp.svg)](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RollbarSharp/) 
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/mroach/RollbarSharp/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/mroach/RollbarSharp?branch=master)


.NET bindings for [Rollbar](http://www.rollbar.com).

I'm not affiliated with Rollbar, I just like their service.

Minimum version is .NET 4.5. There's also a dependency on `System.Web.Routing`, so you'll at least need ASP.NET MVC installed on the system.

## Installation

RollbarSharp is available on [Nuget](https://nuget.org/packages/RollbarSharp/) and can be installed by:

```
PM> Install-Package RollbarSharp
```

## Usage

### Configuration

The easiest way to get going is to add the `Rollbar.AccessToken` item to your app settings.

```xml
<configuration>
  <appSettings>
    <add key="Rollbar.AccessToken" value="YOUR_TOKEN_HERE"/>
    <add key="Rollbar.Environment" value="production"/>
  </appSettings>
</configuration>
```

From there, you have several options on how to integrate with your app.

### As an ASP.NET Filter

```csharp
public class RollbarExceptionFilter : IExceptionFilter
{
    public void OnException(ExceptionContext filterContext)
    {
        if (filterContext.ExceptionHandled)
            return;

        (new RollbarClient()).SendException(filterContext.Exception);
    }
}
```

And then in `Global.asax.cs` you can do

```csharp
GlobalFilters.Filters.Add(new RollbarExceptionFilter());
```

Or if you're using an inversion of control system that supports binding filters, you could do it there. This is an example with [Ninject](http://www.ninject.org/). You could even dependency-inject the `RollbarClient` if you want to create it in your own factory method.

```csharp
kernel.BindFilter<RollbarExceptionFilter>(FilterScope.Global, 10).InSingletonScope();
```

The `OnException` method could instead be used verbatim inside a `Controller` if you add the `override` keyword. `protected override void OnException(ExceptionContext filterContext) ...`


### As an ASP.NET application event handler (Global.asax.cs)

```csharp
protected void Application_Error(object sender, EventArgs e)
{
    var exception = Server.GetLastError().GetBaseException();

    (new RollbarClient()).SendException(exception);
}
```


### As an HttpModule in the Web.config

#### IIS Integrated Pipeline

```xml
<system.webServer>
    <modules>
        <add name="RollbarHttpModule" type="RollbarSharp.RollbarHttpModule"/>
    </modules>
</system.webServer>
```

#### IIS Classic Pipeline

```xml
<system.web>
    <httpModules>
        <add name="RollbarHttpModule" type="RollbarSharp.RollbarHttpModule"/>
    </httpModules>
</system.web>
```

### As an NLog target

You'll need to add the [NLog.RollbarSharp](https://github.com/mroach/NLog.RollbarSharp) assembly to your project for this to work but it's available on [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NLog.RollbarSharp/). Check out [the NLog.RollbarSharp README](https://github.com/mroach/NLog.RollbarSharp/blob/master/README.md) for configuration details, but here's the skinny:

```xml
<nlog>
    <extensions>
        <add assembly="NLog.RollbarSharp" />
    </extensions>
    <targets>
        <target xsi:type="RollbarSharp" name="rollbar" />
    </targets>
    <rules>
        <logger name="*" minlevel="Warn" writeTo="rollbar" />
    </rules>
</nlog>
<appSettings>
    <add key="Rollbar.AccessToken" value="6703358e9f54081e59bb0d65ee066363"/>
    <add key="Rollbar.Environment" value="development"/>
</appSettings>
```

## Bugs

* If you encounter a bug, performance issue, or malfunction, please add an [Issue](https://github.com/mroach/rollbarsharp/issues) with steps on how to reproduce the problem.


## Building

I'm using [ScriptCs](http://scriptcs.net/) for managing the build process.

To build go to **build** folder and then run this command:

```
scriptcs -script build.csx
```

After that, upload new **RollbarSharp.{version}.nupkg** to nuget.

## TODO

* Add more tests
